@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
adaptive-icon;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon.xml
adaptive-icon;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon_round.xml
alpha;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/fade_in.xml
alpha;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/fade_out.xml
alpha;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
alpha;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/layout/fallbacktoolbardonotuse.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/layout/toolbar.xml
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
attr;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/106/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
attr;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/27/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
attr;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/31/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
attr;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
background;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon.xml
background;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon_round.xml
Button;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/layout/formfieldbuttonlayout.xml
Button;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/layout/passwordalertdialog.xml
Button;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/layout/signaturepadlayout.xml
cache-path;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/87/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
changeBounds;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/transition/navigation_transition.xml
changeClipBounds;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/transition/navigation_transition.xml
changeImageTransform;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/transition/navigation_transition.xml
changeTransform;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/transition/navigation_transition.xml
CheckBox;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/layout/dialoglistviewrow.xml
color;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-night-v29/values-night-v29.xml
color;obj/Debug/res/values/colors.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
com.google.android.material.bottomnavigation.BottomNavigationView;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/layout/fallbacktabbardonotuse.xml
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/layout/tabbar.xml
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/layout/passwordalertdialog.xml
corners;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/edittextpagecount.xml
corners;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/signaturepadbottomcorner.xml
corners;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/signaturepadroundedcorners.xml
corners;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/signaturepadtopcorner.xml
crc642e1c7a98bdb5c44a.AutoFitTextureView;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/86/jl/res/layout/camerafragment.xml
crc643f46942d9dd1fff9.ShellFlyoutLayout;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
crc64720bb2db43a66fe9.FormsViewPager;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
declare-styleable;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/106/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
declare-styleable;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/27/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
declare-styleable;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/31/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
declare-styleable;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
dimen;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/31/jl/res/values/dimens.xml
EditText;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/layout/passwordalertdialog.xml
enum;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/106/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
enum;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/27/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
enum;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/31/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
external-cache-path;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/87/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
external-path;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/87/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
foreground;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon.xml
foreground;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon_round.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/layout/signaturepadlayout.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/86/jl/res/layout/camerafragment.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
GridLayout;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/layout/dialoglistviewrow.xml
GridLayout;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/layout/listviewrow.xml
GridLayout;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/layout/signaturepadlayout.xml
group;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/formfieldcheckbox_checked.xml
group;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/formfieldcheckbox_unchecked.xml
item;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values/values.xml
item;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/alertviewdialogbottomline.xml
item;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/checkablematerialcolor.xml
item;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/edittextpagecount.xml
item;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/formfieldcheckbox.xml
item;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/formfieldradiobuttonstyle.xml
item;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/passwordalertdialogbottomline.xml
item;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/30/jl/res/drawable/sfprogressbar_determinate_linear.xml
item;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/30/jl/res/drawable/sfprogressbar_indeterminate_circular.xml
item;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/30/jl/res/drawable/sfprogressbar_indeterminate_linear.xml
item;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/values/styles.xml
item;obj/Debug/res/values/styles.xml
layer-list;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/alertviewdialogbottomline.xml
layer-list;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/edittextpagecount.xml
layer-list;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/formfieldradiobuttonstyle.xml
layer-list;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/passwordalertdialogbottomline.xml
layer-list;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/30/jl/res/drawable/sfprogressbar_determinate_linear.xml
layer-list;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/30/jl/res/drawable/sfprogressbar_indeterminate_circular.xml
layer-list;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/30/jl/res/drawable/sfprogressbar_indeterminate_linear.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/layout/passwordalertdialog.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/layout/signaturepadlayout.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
path;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/formfieldcheckbox_checked.xml
path;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/formfieldcheckbox_unchecked.xml
paths;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/87/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
paths;obj/Debug/res/xml/provider_paths.xml
RadioButton;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/layout/dialoglistviewrow.xml
RelativeLayout;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/layout/hwpush_trans_activity.xml
RelativeLayout;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/layout/activity_endisable_service.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/googsvcsjson/values/goog_svcs_json.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/0/jl/res/values/strings.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/106/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/14/jl/res/values/values.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values/values.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-am/values-am.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ar/values-ar.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-as/values-as.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-az/values-az.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-b+jv+Latn/values-b+jv+Latn.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-b+my+Qaag/values-b+my+Qaag.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-b+sr+Latn/values-b+sr+Latn.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-be/values-be.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-bg/values-bg.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-bn/values-bn.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-bo-rCN/values-bo-rCN.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-bs/values-bs.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ca/values-ca.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-cs/values-cs.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-da/values-da.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-de/values-de.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-el/values-el.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-en-rGB/values-en-rGB.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-es/values-es.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-es-rUS/values-es-rUS.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-et/values-et.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-eu/values-eu.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-fa/values-fa.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-fi/values-fi.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-fr/values-fr.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-gl/values-gl.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-gu/values-gu.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-hi/values-hi.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-hr/values-hr.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-hu/values-hu.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-in/values-in.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-it/values-it.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-iw/values-iw.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ja/values-ja.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ka/values-ka.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-kk/values-kk.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-km/values-km.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-kn/values-kn.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ko/values-ko.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-lo/values-lo.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-lt/values-lt.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-lv/values-lv.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-mai/values-mai.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-mi/values-mi.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-mk/values-mk.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ml/values-ml.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-mn/values-mn.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-mr/values-mr.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ms/values-ms.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-my/values-my.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-my-rMM/values-my-rMM.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-my-rZG/values-my-rZG.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-nb/values-nb.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ne/values-ne.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-nl/values-nl.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-or/values-or.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-pa/values-pa.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-pl/values-pl.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-pt/values-pt.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-pt-rPT/values-pt-rPT.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ro/values-ro.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ru/values-ru.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-si/values-si.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-sk/values-sk.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-sl/values-sl.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-sr/values-sr.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-sv/values-sv.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-sw/values-sw.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ta/values-ta.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-te/values-te.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-th/values-th.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-tl/values-tl.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-tr/values-tr.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ug/values-ug.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-uk/values-uk.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ur/values-ur.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-uz/values-uz.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-vi/values-vi.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-zh-rCN/values-zh-rCN.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-zh-rHK/values-zh-rHK.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-zh-rTW/values-zh-rTW.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values/values.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-am/values-am.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ar/values-ar.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-as/values-as.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-az/values-az.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-b+jv+Latn/values-b+jv+Latn.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-b+my+Qaag/values-b+my+Qaag.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-b+sr+Latn/values-b+sr+Latn.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-be/values-be.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-bg/values-bg.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-bn/values-bn.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-bo-rCN/values-bo-rCN.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-bs/values-bs.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ca/values-ca.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-cs/values-cs.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-da/values-da.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-de/values-de.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-el/values-el.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-en-rAU/values-en-rAU.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-en-rGB/values-en-rGB.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-es/values-es.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-es-rUS/values-es-rUS.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-et/values-et.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-eu/values-eu.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-fa/values-fa.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-fi/values-fi.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-fr/values-fr.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-gl/values-gl.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-gu/values-gu.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-hi/values-hi.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-hr/values-hr.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-hu/values-hu.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-in/values-in.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-it/values-it.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-iw/values-iw.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ja/values-ja.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ka/values-ka.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-kk/values-kk.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-km/values-km.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-kn/values-kn.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ko/values-ko.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-lo/values-lo.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-lt/values-lt.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-lv/values-lv.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-mai/values-mai.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-mi/values-mi.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-mk/values-mk.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ml/values-ml.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-mn/values-mn.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-mr/values-mr.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ms/values-ms.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-my/values-my.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-my-rZG/values-my-rZG.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-nb/values-nb.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ne/values-ne.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-night-v29/values-night-v29.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-nl/values-nl.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-or/values-or.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-pa/values-pa.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-pl/values-pl.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-pt/values-pt.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-pt-rPT/values-pt-rPT.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ro/values-ro.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ru/values-ru.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-si/values-si.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-sk/values-sk.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-sl/values-sl.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-sv/values-sv.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-sw/values-sw.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ta/values-ta.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-te/values-te.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-th/values-th.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-tl/values-tl.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-tr/values-tr.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ug/values-ug.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-uk/values-uk.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ur/values-ur.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-uz/values-uz.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-vi/values-vi.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-zh-rCN/values-zh-rCN.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-zh-rHK/values-zh-rHK.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-zh-rTW/values-zh-rTW.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/19/jl/res/values/strings.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/27/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/27/jl/res/values/strings.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/values/strings.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/30/jl/res/values/strings.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/31/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/31/jl/res/values/dimens.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/31/jl/res/values/strings.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/values/strings.xml
resources;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/values/styles.xml
resources;obj/Debug/res/values/colors.xml
resources;obj/Debug/res/values/styles.xml
root-path;obj/Debug/res/xml/provider_paths.xml
rotate;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/30/jl/res/drawable/sfprogressbar_indeterminate_circular.xml
scale;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/flip_in.xml
scale;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/flip_out.xml
scale;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/30/jl/res/drawable/sfprogressbar_determinate_linear.xml
selector;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/checkablematerialcolor.xml
selector;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/formfieldcheckbox.xml
selector;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/formfieldradiobuttonstyle.xml
set;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/enter_bottom.xml
set;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/enter_left.xml
set;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/enter_right.xml
set;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/enter_top.xml
set;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/exit_bottom.xml
set;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/exit_left.xml
set;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/exit_right.xml
set;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/exit_top.xml
set;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/fade_in.xml
set;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/fade_out.xml
set;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/flip_in.xml
set;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/flip_out.xml
set;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
set;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/anim/enterfromright.xml
set;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
set;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/anim/exittoright.xml
shape;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/alertviewdialogbottomline.xml
shape;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/edittextpagecount.xml
shape;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/formfieldradiobuttonstyle.xml
shape;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/formfieldtextboxcursorcolor.xml
shape;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/passwordalertdialogbottomline.xml
shape;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/passwordalertdialogcursorstyle.xml
shape;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/signaturepadbottomcorner.xml
shape;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/signaturepadroundedcorners.xml
shape;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/signaturepadtopcorner.xml
shape;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/30/jl/res/drawable/sfprogressbar_determinate_linear.xml
shape;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/30/jl/res/drawable/sfprogressbar_indeterminate_circular.xml
shape;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/30/jl/res/drawable/sfprogressbar_indeterminate_linear.xml
size;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/formfieldradiobuttonstyle.xml
size;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/formfieldtextboxcursorcolor.xml
size;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/passwordalertdialogcursorstyle.xml
size;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/30/jl/res/drawable/sfprogressbar_determinate_linear.xml
size;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/30/jl/res/drawable/sfprogressbar_indeterminate_linear.xml
solid;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/alertviewdialogbottomline.xml
solid;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/edittextpagecount.xml
solid;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/formfieldradiobuttonstyle.xml
solid;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/formfieldtextboxcursorcolor.xml
solid;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/passwordalertdialogbottomline.xml
solid;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/passwordalertdialogcursorstyle.xml
solid;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/signaturepadbottomcorner.xml
solid;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/signaturepadroundedcorners.xml
solid;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/signaturepadtopcorner.xml
solid;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/30/jl/res/drawable/sfprogressbar_determinate_linear.xml
solid;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/30/jl/res/drawable/sfprogressbar_indeterminate_circular.xml
solid;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/30/jl/res/drawable/sfprogressbar_indeterminate_linear.xml
Space;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/layout/signaturepadlayout.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/googsvcsjson/values/goog_svcs_json.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/0/jl/res/values/strings.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/14/jl/res/values/values.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values/values.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-am/values-am.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ar/values-ar.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-as/values-as.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-az/values-az.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-b+jv+Latn/values-b+jv+Latn.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-b+my+Qaag/values-b+my+Qaag.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-b+sr+Latn/values-b+sr+Latn.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-be/values-be.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-bg/values-bg.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-bn/values-bn.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-bo-rCN/values-bo-rCN.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-bs/values-bs.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ca/values-ca.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-cs/values-cs.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-da/values-da.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-de/values-de.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-el/values-el.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-en-rGB/values-en-rGB.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-es/values-es.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-es-rUS/values-es-rUS.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-et/values-et.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-eu/values-eu.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-fa/values-fa.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-fi/values-fi.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-fr/values-fr.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-gl/values-gl.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-gu/values-gu.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-hi/values-hi.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-hr/values-hr.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-hu/values-hu.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-in/values-in.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-it/values-it.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-iw/values-iw.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ja/values-ja.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ka/values-ka.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-kk/values-kk.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-km/values-km.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-kn/values-kn.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ko/values-ko.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-lo/values-lo.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-lt/values-lt.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-lv/values-lv.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-mai/values-mai.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-mi/values-mi.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-mk/values-mk.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ml/values-ml.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-mn/values-mn.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-mr/values-mr.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ms/values-ms.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-my/values-my.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-my-rMM/values-my-rMM.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-my-rZG/values-my-rZG.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-nb/values-nb.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ne/values-ne.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-nl/values-nl.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-or/values-or.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-pa/values-pa.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-pl/values-pl.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-pt/values-pt.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-pt-rPT/values-pt-rPT.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ro/values-ro.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ru/values-ru.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-si/values-si.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-sk/values-sk.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-sl/values-sl.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-sr/values-sr.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-sv/values-sv.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-sw/values-sw.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ta/values-ta.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-te/values-te.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-th/values-th.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-tl/values-tl.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-tr/values-tr.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ug/values-ug.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-uk/values-uk.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-ur/values-ur.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-uz/values-uz.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-vi/values-vi.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-zh-rCN/values-zh-rCN.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-zh-rHK/values-zh-rHK.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/15/jl/res/values-zh-rTW/values-zh-rTW.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values/values.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-am/values-am.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ar/values-ar.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-as/values-as.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-az/values-az.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-b+jv+Latn/values-b+jv+Latn.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-b+my+Qaag/values-b+my+Qaag.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-b+sr+Latn/values-b+sr+Latn.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-be/values-be.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-bg/values-bg.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-bn/values-bn.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-bo-rCN/values-bo-rCN.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-bs/values-bs.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ca/values-ca.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-cs/values-cs.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-da/values-da.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-de/values-de.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-el/values-el.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-en-rAU/values-en-rAU.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-en-rGB/values-en-rGB.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-es/values-es.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-es-rUS/values-es-rUS.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-et/values-et.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-eu/values-eu.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-fa/values-fa.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-fi/values-fi.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-fr/values-fr.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-gl/values-gl.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-gu/values-gu.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-hi/values-hi.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-hr/values-hr.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-hu/values-hu.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-in/values-in.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-it/values-it.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-iw/values-iw.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ja/values-ja.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ka/values-ka.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-kk/values-kk.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-km/values-km.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-kn/values-kn.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ko/values-ko.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-lo/values-lo.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-lt/values-lt.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-lv/values-lv.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-mai/values-mai.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-mi/values-mi.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-mk/values-mk.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ml/values-ml.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-mn/values-mn.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-mr/values-mr.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ms/values-ms.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-my/values-my.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-my-rZG/values-my-rZG.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-nb/values-nb.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ne/values-ne.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-nl/values-nl.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-or/values-or.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-pa/values-pa.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-pl/values-pl.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-pt/values-pt.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-pt-rPT/values-pt-rPT.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ro/values-ro.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ru/values-ru.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-si/values-si.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-sk/values-sk.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-sl/values-sl.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-sv/values-sv.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-sw/values-sw.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ta/values-ta.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-te/values-te.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-th/values-th.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-tl/values-tl.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-tr/values-tr.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ug/values-ug.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-uk/values-uk.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-ur/values-ur.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-uz/values-uz.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-vi/values-vi.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-zh-rCN/values-zh-rCN.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-zh-rHK/values-zh-rHK.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values-zh-rTW/values-zh-rTW.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/19/jl/res/values/strings.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/27/jl/res/values/strings.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/values/strings.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/30/jl/res/values/strings.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/31/jl/res/values/strings.xml
string;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/values/strings.xml
stroke;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/edittextpagecount.xml
stroke;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/formfieldradiobuttonstyle.xml
stroke;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/signaturepadbottomcorner.xml
stroke;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/signaturepadtopcorner.xml
style;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/values/values.xml
style;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/values/styles.xml
style;obj/Debug/res/values/styles.xml
TextView;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/17/jl/res/layout/activity_endisable_service.xml
TextView;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/layout/dialoglistviewrow.xml
TextView;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/layout/listviewrow.xml
TextView;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/layout/passwordalertdialog.xml
TextView;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/layout/signaturepadlayout.xml
transitionSet;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/transition/navigation_transition.xml
translate;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/enter_bottom.xml
translate;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/enter_left.xml
translate;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/enter_right.xml
translate;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/enter_top.xml
translate;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/exit_bottom.xml
translate;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/exit_left.xml
translate;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/exit_right.xml
translate;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/exit_top.xml
translate;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/flip_in.xml
translate;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/22/jl/res/anim/flip_out.xml
translate;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
translate;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/anim/enterfromright.xml
translate;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
translate;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/anim/exittoright.xml
vector;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/formfieldcheckbox_checked.xml
vector;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/29/jl/res/drawable/formfieldcheckbox_unchecked.xml
xamarin.communitytoolkit.ui.views.AutoFitTextureView;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/86/jl/res/layout/camerafragment.xml
xamarin.forms.platform.android.appcompat.FormsViewPager;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
xamarin.forms.platform.android.ShellFlyoutLayout;/Users/youxl/Public/Gaber/Gaber work/BabyStoreHRApp/HrApp.Android/obj/Debug/lp/94/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
